Because of the civil war, we had to take refuge in a safer part of the country.
When we arrived, soldiers took us to internment camps to hold us until they could confirm
our identities.
In the camps, we lived in tents and it was unbearable hot in them.
It was a struggle even to get water.
We needed to wait in a queue for 4-5 hours every day.
During the war, our eldest son was killed.
It was a big loss for our family.
All we could do to cope was pray to Jehovah and find comfort in the Bible.
One day, the brothers from the Relief Committee came and informed us that a regional convention
would be held.
They had spoken to the camp officials requesting permission for us to go.
For 4 days, morning and evening, we went to the officials to ask for permission, but
they would not tell us if we would be released for the convention.
Suddenly, when afternoon, much to our surprise, we were approved to leave the camp for 5 days.
At that time, we had been in the internment camp for months.
We had not been allowed to go anywhere.
We were so happy that we got the permission to attend the convention, we never expected it.
At that time, we had some clothes, but we had nothing for the 3-day convention.
However, the brothers outside the camp helped us enormously.
They were with us cared for all our needs, so we could be ready for the convention.
We still wondered where we were going to stay and how we would get our recommendations.
However, when we arrived, the brothers hugged us and warmly welcomed us.
We were really encouraged.
Even though we faced many challenges and difficulties in the internment camp, that convention was
like a nourishing meal for us, it was a real joy eating at Jehu was stable.
We can never forget those moments.
After the convention, the brothers from the governing body gave a special talk to those
from the internment camps that took really strengthened us.
The convention helped us to be courageous, especially after we returned to the camp.
Although we faced many losses, the convention not only gave us comfort, but also helped
us to face the challenges ahead.
Now my younger son and I are serving as ministerial servants, and my wife has been serving as a
regular pioneer for the past 17 years.
She continued pioneering even while we were in the internment camp.
We realized that Jehu was always there caring for us and sustaining us continuously.